Adds FreshRSS service (#107)
mother-of-all-self-hosting/mash-playbook: docs/services/freshrss.md

# FreshRSS

[FreshRSS](https://freshrss.org) is a self-hosted RSS and Atom feed aggregator. It is lightweight, easy to work with, powerful, and customizable.

## Dependencies

This service requires the following other services:

-   a [Traefik](traefik.md) reverse-proxy server

> -   an optional [Postgres](postgres.md) database, but [SQLite](https://www.sqlite.org/) is set by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   an optional [Postgres](postgres.md) database, but FreshRSS will default to [SQLite](https://www.sqlite.org/) if you don't have Postgres enabled
```
